Uh-uh-uh, ooh.
Welcome to paradise.
Now, leave all your worries and
other TV shows behind, baby.
It's time "Aqua TV Show Show."
"Aqua TV Show Show."
I said "Aqua TV Show Show."
♪ I said Master Shake, Frylock,
my little homey Meatwad ♪
♪ Load us on the beats ♪
♪ Yeah, we heavy in the streets ♪
♪ Got the whole planet in the ♪
♪ Palm of our hands, though ♪
♪ So get pumped up for the ♪
♪ "Aqua TV... " ♪
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Yeah! Whoo!
Boom!
Yeah!
Woot!
Wow. What... a... rush.
As a three-time winner of your
prestigious award, I stand
before you today and say, with complete
sincerity that I am number one!
Pause here.
Maybe I'll flex.
Uh, who to thank, who to thank?
Might pause here to make it look
like I'm thinking of someone.
No one!
Since no one gets the credit for
all the things I've done by
myself, for myself, to make
me the man I am today.
Then I'm gonna flex again,
obvious standing ovation,
- make out with the spokesmodel...
- Three-time winner?
Coolest dude ever?
Better build a bigger shelf.
I'm a shoe-in for number four.
Eh, these are pretty
light for trophies.
You know these are all
hollow and plastic, right?
Ergonomic.
It's cool to go green,
not that you'd know.
That's why I walk to the mall.
Has nothing to do with the
fact that I don't have a car.
So, who you competing
against in this thing?
Look, y'all. I just got
nominated for a Dudie Award.
Merely a child's fantasy.
Let me see that.
Mm. Well, it does appear to be
the dudie letterhead and font.
Time sensitive material.
Mine said that, as well.
"Dear occupant"...
That matches up.
- Aha! No hologram!
- Yours doesn't, either.
I know, so it's very easy
to counterfeit these.
Isn't it, Meatwad?
That means "fake it."
Meatwad, I'm proud of you, man.
See? You can do anything you
want if you put your mind to it.
Except be cool.
That's my department, so drop
out or get dropped hard!
- On your head!
- Shake, quit being a dick.
- But he started it!
- I didn't do nothing.
You rolled in here to agitate me,
and I never do nothing to you!
Here, Frylock. You got a letter.
This is from the American Academy
of Cool Dude Excellence.
It's real. There's no hologram!
Well, looky looky. According to this, I'm
a judge for this year's Dudie Award.
So I get to decide who's
cooler between the two of you.
- Oh.
- Cool.
It's a state of mind.
Where did you get that?
It's crappy, and
your game is weak!
But can I see it?
Is it 8 gigs? Let me just...
Oh, look... it's broken.
And I just fixed it.
- Well, let me see it again.
- Shake, you better watch it.
It's cool to be nice.
And I'll show you
what else is cool.
Oh, gross.
I mean, this is awesome. Hoo.
Just chillin' up here with my
boys, doing...
chores, getting mad paid
through my allowance.
Get the strawberry.
Meatwad ain't
cleaning the gutters!
Because Meatwad already took out
the trash and picked up his room.
Well, we'll see how clean
it is after I get down.
- Get that strawberry.
- Is that a racing game?
Can I press your
fire button for you?
You do the steering, and
I'll do the fire button.
You know what's also cool?
It's cool to have responsibilities.
Responsibilities are the bomb.
Someone else seems to disagree.
My goodness!
"Meatwad suxes"?
The nerve of Carl!
I just helped him wax his
buttocks and backside.
If it were in our yard, we could easily
take it down, but that's in Carl's yard.
Shake, how'd it get there
in the first place?
I don't know. But I do know that's
Carl's opinion, and unfortunately,
that's what this country's
built on... opinions.
You know, a cool person
would own up to the fact
that they might have
done it themselves.
I'm going to look up the word "cool" and see
if your definition is actually correct.
Yeah, I knew this
day would come.
You want to learn from the
master on how to be cool.
- How did you know that?
- Go on into the kitchenette.
Nuke me up a pepperoni-cheddar
hot sleeve.
And then I can be cool like you?
We'll take this one
hot sleeve at a time.
No, no.
No, no, no, you're not nodding yet!
You ain't agreeing with nobody.
You are banging your head 'cause
you're gonna wake the dead,
and you are loving
every minute of it,
and you love her hard,
until the break of dawn.
And then you're gone.
Frylock said it's cool to
have responsibilities.
No. You know what I say to that?
You crush responsibilities like
Angus Young at Donnington!
1, 2, 1, 2! Follow my lead!
I'm stomping! I'm mad!
- You are in control!
- Yeah!
I'm really feeling it, Carl!
That's right. Even though you
rent, you own the place.
Here. Tie five of these
around your leg.
You might have to tie some together,
get it all the way around.
So we're ready in case we
get bit by a rattlesnake.
Rattlesnakes grow legs and they
run when they see us coming.
They don't want any of our venom,
because we sting like the scorpion.
Boom-chikka-boom-boom!
No, no. Don't say that.
You say "sweet nectar" when
something good happens.
What are you do... What are you
doing, there? That's a neckerchief.
What poster have you ever seen where
they put the zebra stripe around a leg?
- This is hair metal 101.
- Oh. I got it.
So this is for catching crumbs.
Oh, now you got a head
bandana down there?
Oh, come on.
I color-coded these.
You wrap it like so, so no one
can see the flesh tundra beneath
'cause it's covered
up with rebellion.
I can barely feel my "Star
Wars" wallet in this.
These pockets and zippers,
they're for show. They're not for go.
It adds to the mystery.
"What's he got in there?
Mint, change, sex condoms?"
Ooh, I hope it's sex condoms.
And when the valet says you
ain't supposed to self-park,
you open the pocket and
you pull out this.
The finger! I know that move!
I do it behind Frylock's back, but I know
he feels it, the waves coming off of it.
Lexi, wait!
No, no. Don't go.
Peel off another $20 for her.
And then that's when I
get to sit in the chair?
No. 'Cause it's cool to
be cool to your friends.
She'll be ready for you if she's
not too wiped out after I'm done
satisfying her with this, uh...
Lap dance she's doing.
But you're not doing nothing.
And it's driving her wild.
Look at her face.
See how she's craving me to stay
seated and not touch her at all?
Go to the ATM and get
me 400 more bucks.
And you just may have
earned your diploma.
Boom-chikka-boom-boom!
No, you say "sweet nectar"!
Remember the fundamentals!
I sure hope I win
that Dudie Award.
You know, Meatwad, sometimes knowing
you did a good job is reward enough.
And sometimes winning a big
trophy is award enough...
What are you jags looking at?
Probably never saw
anything as cool as me.
Look, y'all, I got to come clean.
I'm not the judge for
the Dudie Awards, okay?
What about the letter?
It said "dear occupant,"
and there was no hologram!
I got nominated
for a Dudie, too.
They just send that
out to everybody.
- It's just some mail-order scam.
- Tell it to the hand, man!
Ooh! It's called
fingerless gloves!
So get off my case and
get off my cloud!
'Cause there's smokin'
in this boys rooms.
Shake, look at this, man.
They want you to show up at these awards so
they can sell you some condos in Nevada.
I'll see you squares
at the Dudies!
And you can take a long
walk off a longer pier,
which crosses a lake where
I put jumping killer sharks...
And now you walk on the pier.
Lates!
Frickin' skate!
Carl, you're here to cheer me on.
Thanks, man.
I'm here, Shake,
because I'm nominated.
You too?
Well, where'd you get the moped?
This is a chopper, and I
rented it so I could blow your
ass out of the water.
Well, good luck, 'cause
you're gonna need it.
But...
Here's a little something I bought
for you, for all your help.
Ohh!
Tweet-tweet!
You know this is all just a
scam to sell us a condo, right?
- But you look cool.
- I know I'm cool.
I'm cool as hell.
But as soon as I get my trophy,
and I get done pounding this
vegetable tray, I'm out
of here like last year.
But as soon as I win, I'm out of here
like an empty canister of beer.
Hey! Welcome, dudes
and dudettes!
Are you ready for the award
for the coolest dude ever?
Whatevs!
Before we do anything, let's
take a look at these lovely
townhomes in lush Salt Lick, Nevada.
Wouldn't it be cool to
live in one of these?
- I said, "whatevs!"
- I know what you're saying.
You're saying,
"Wait a minute, cool guy!
Isn't that where they tested all those
nuclear warheads a few years ago?"
Yes, I'm afraid that's true.
But there's no scientific
evidence linking recent
radiation to giant mantle-dwelling
fang worms, so does that sound cool?!
I don't know why they couldn't have just
given us the trophies at the thing.
I mean, we got to schlep all the
way out to Nevada for the trophy?
- Come on.
- Chill out, dad.
He promised that this open house
was gonna be the shizzle
and that there's gonna be
some kick-ass snacks!
Did you see the flier? They
had slot machines in there
and girls that were smiling as
they got out of a pool,
like real, you know,
suggesting stuff.
- And I don't see no pool.
- I see a fool.
Stupid, I'm cool! And it hurts!
And now that guy's gonna see me now
and know that I've been crying!
Everything all right back there?
Is everything... cool?
Yeah. Hay fever.
I got allergies.
They're not the bomb.
So, what's the dealy-o with
these two-bed, two-baths, yo?
Hey, I've seen the flier, and I don't
see no slots and I don't see no sluts.
But I do see...
What is that? Is that a missile?
Let's go check out this spacious basement
really quick! I mean, really, really quick!
What's this?
Oh, this? It's a fang worm.
I'm-a go get
everyone some humus.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.